1. I worry about what other people will think of me even when I know it doesn't' t make any difference

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

2. I am unconcerned even if I know people are forming an unfavorable impression of me

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

3. I am frequently afraid of other people noticing my shortcomings

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

4. I rarely worry about what kind of impression I am making on someone

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

5. I am afraid that others will not approve of me

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

6. I am afraid that people will find fault with me

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

7. Other people's opinions of me do not bother me

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

8. When I am talking to someone, I worry about what they may be thinking about me

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

9. I am usually worried about what kind of impression I make

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

10. If I know someone is judging me, it has little effect on me

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

11. Sometimes I think I am too concerned with what other people think of me

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me

12. I often worry that I will say or do the wrong things

not at all characteristic of me
slightly characteristic of me
moderately characteristic of me
very characteristic of me
extremely characteristic of me